front teeth group definitely
is an aesthetically important area
therefore the loss of even one tooth is quite
visible and serious
problem about how to solve
tell our expert if you
missing one or more teeth
you can restore them with
implant the implant is artificial
the root is most often made of titanium
which are installed in the maxillary
bone to replace a lost tooth in
subsequently attached to this implant
removable and fixed dentures
Like every implanted tooth consists
From 3 parts the first is titanium root
shaped vintage most 2
this is about admin binder
element between the titanium root and
proper tooth crown and fasten
oh complan tattoo with screw and 3
proper short tooth which can
to be single or bridge
the classic form operation on
tooth implantation consists of two stages
the first is the installation
artificial tooth root which
supports dental prosthesis
after that it is necessary from two to
four months to implant
strengthened in the jawbone I got used to it
if necessary, the patient may
making artificial tooth
crowns right on the day of surgery on the second
the final stage, the doctor reveals
previously introduced blunt from and
sets it special
gum former
after two weeks implant
set back on which
subsequently made crown
which can be made of metal
metal ceramics porcelain or dioxide
zirconium
large variety of implants and
crowns allows the patient to make a choice
ideally deciding his aesthetic
problem implantation is done under
local anesthesia and anesthesia not required
implantation as you had the opportunity
make sure it can completely solve
the problem of missing teeth major
questions that probably arise what
the amount of time it takes
and how much will implantation cost
the answers to these questions are you
Find out by contacting our experts.